# emails
This is a crowd source project that we would like to see happen, as long as Donald Trump is himself allied with right-wing media forces.   One possible cause of the 2016 Presidential Election Disaster was the barage of criticism surrounding one of the candidates emails.  This candidate developed a reputation of being buried in scandal. Most of it was patently unfair.  If you're here you already understand that, we won't detail that. 

We don't generally approve this sort of politics, and would like to never see it again.   Nonetheless, it seems like we just might have elected the most dangerous and anti-democratic candidate imaginable, a guy named Donald Trump. Donald Trump has attacked and threatened the media, and has chosen a dangerous alt-right media figure as his right hand man. This combination is a threat to democracy. So what we are proposing is a widespread citizens investigative journalism effort targeting anyone and everyone who has enabled this to happen.      

Any Republican in congress who doesn't stand up to Trump, any of his staff, any of his surrogates at Breitbarg or Fox News, any megachurch pastor who promoted him, or anyone else who continues to normalize or encourage his behavior, should be subject to the same sort of "journalism" that they subjected Hillary to.  There's two parts to this.  One is a ton of FOIA requests, visits to courthouses, internet sleuthing, etc.  The other is guerrilla journalism that spills out of the echo chambers and becomes toxic.  If a pastor of a megachurch who praised Trump has a history of questionable liasons with young children, this should be a local news story.  If a Breitbart instigator has a history of domestic abuse, this should be mentioned every time he opens his mouth on the internet.   If a congressman doesn't respond to FOIA requests, the college papers in his district should be asking WHAT IS HE HIDING??  If a Senator has a charity, anything funny in the books should be repeatedly thrown on the state AG's desk.  

The plan is to keep a repo of useful information.   We will begin with lists of people who should get the Chaffetz treatment.    This repository will also house pdfs of legal and other documents.  Howto documents, for example: how best to get court records in various states, how best to use the Twitter API, how to best get attention of local media outlets, anything of this nature is welcome.    These should be available for anyone to disseminate wherever and however might be convenient.   It goes without saying, anything can be forked, merged or spread. 

Like I said, I don't want this to become standard politics.   The New York Times should stay classy. However, it would be appropriate to see the nation collectively vomiting by 2018.

Just to be clear, we are nonpartisan.  We are not paid by Soros.  We welcome anyone who sees the Trump-Bannon alliance as a threat to democracy.    

A final note, while this is "public,"  it's probably not in our best interest to publicize it.  Share it will allies, anonymously, if you prefer.   

